README.md, before:

# PyTorch based on OpenCL backend

DLPrimitives-OpenCL out of tree backend for PyTorch, more details can be found [here](https://github.com/artyom-beilis/pytorch_dlprim).


## Tested Devices

pytorch_dlprim is tested on following devices:
|                vendor                      |             device                 |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| [Nvidia](https://www.nvidia.cn/)           | GTX 960, A100/A5000, RTX 3060      |
| [AMD](https://www.amd.com/zh-cn.html)      | rx 6600XT/rx560                    |
| [Intel](https://www.intel.cn)              | HD 530/8570, UHD 630/770, Arc A380 |
| [Glenfly](https://www.glenfly.com/)        | Arise 2030                         |
| [Innosilicon](https://www.innosilicon.cn/) | Fantasy II-M                       |
| [ZhaoXin](https://www.zhaoxin.com/)        | ZX C-1190                          |


## Build Project
```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/JingliangGao/pytorch_dlprim.git
cd pytorch_dlprim && git checkout dev-opencl
chmod +x build-for-debug.sh && ./build-for-debug.sh
```

## Examples
1. train a mnist net

```shell
python3 examples/python/train_mnist.py
```

2. profile a mnist net    
'./profile_log' is the directory to save profiling data    
```shell
python3 examples/python/train_mnist.py --profile ./profile_log  
```

## Reformat code style
```shell
chmod +x tools/check_code_style.sh && ./tools/check_code_style.sh
```

Commit message:

[fix] solve setup.py to build project

README.md, after:

# PyTorch based on OpenCL backend

DLPrimitives-OpenCL out of tree backend for PyTorch, more details can be found [here](https://github.com/artyom-beilis/pytorch_dlprim).


## Tested Devices

pytorch_dlprim is tested on following devices:
|                vendor                      |             device                 |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| [Nvidia](https://www.nvidia.cn/)           | GTX 960, A100/A5000, RTX 3060      |
| [AMD](https://www.amd.com/zh-cn.html)      | rx 6600XT/rx560                    |
| [Intel](https://www.intel.cn)              | HD 530/8570, UHD 630/770, Arc A380 |
| [Glenfly](https://www.glenfly.com/)        | Arise 2030                         |
| [Innosilicon](https://www.innosilicon.cn/) | Fantasy II-M                       |
| [ZhaoXin](https://www.zhaoxin.com/)        | ZX C-1190                          |


## Build Project
1. clone code
```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/JingliangGao/pytorch_dlprim.git
cd pytorch_dlprim && git checkout dev-opencl
```
2. (developer) build and install
```shell
chmod +x build-for-debug.sh && ./build-for-debug.sh
```

3. (user) build and install
```shell
chmod +x build-for-release.sh && ./build-for-release.sh
```

## Examples
1. train a mnist net

```shell
python3 examples/python/train_mnist.py
```

2. profile a mnist net    
'./profile_log' is the directory to save profiling data    
```shell
python3 examples/python/train_mnist.py --profile ./profile_log  
```

## Reformat code style
```shell
chmod +x tools/check_code_style.sh && ./tools/check_code_style.sh
```
